I pull through the drive-thru and the customer service is excellent. I order 2 hot and spicy McChicken sandwiches for a cool $2, a McGriddle for a little bit more that comes with a hashbrown and a perfect textured orange juice. The hot and spicy mcchickens are beautiful for the $1 spent on them each. So good. The mcgiddle is amazing quality. The pancake buns are delicious with the rich flavor of maple syrup and the instant warmth of the sandwich. The food is always hot and fresh. Now the hashbrown. The hashbrown smacks. SOOO GOOOD. Perfect golden crispiness on the outside, not too mushy on the inner side, absolutely perfect. Nothing like it in the world. It just smacks. Everything on your menu deserves 5 stars. Everything is so savory. The environment is okay. Not the absolute best but good. The workers know how to get it done well, they know what they are doing. The best thing there is 100% the number 9 meal. It's small but yet so filling and with the sweet tea with the meal, that's the best combo! Definitely a 10/10 if you ask me. McDonalds you are the light that shines when I'm sad. I love your fries and I think they're one of the best. You may know this but I.... I want to be a fry when I grow up. Your customer service is really good. I know this because I work there and I'm extremely nice and good looking. I like the smell of your tables. They smell like food and like lettuce. The West Haverstraw NY McDonalds, has had the most well trained socially interactive young people, from the drive up window to the order retrieve window they are friendly, courteous, happy and engaged, very professional and a feeling of They enjoy what they do. Great training McDonalds. I hope these young entrepreneurs are steered in the many facets of hospitality, which can open doors to other highly demanding well paying careers in Hospitality. I've eaten at McDonald's for a long time, I've always been treated with respect, and professional staff, some of the food might not be the healthiest, but that's my choice, they have healthy food also, the food I order has always been good, well cooked, and warm, not cold, like some other fast food places I've went to, and the staff are friendly and courteous, I will continue to eat at McDonald's, only once in a while though, it's kinda like a treat for me, it's a great fast food chain. I've eaten at McDonald's for a long time, I've always been treated with respect, and professional staff, some of the food might not be the healthiest, but that's my choice, they have healthy food also, the food I order has always been good, well cooked, and warm, not cold, like some other fast food places I've went to, and the staff are friendly and courteous, I will continue to eat at McDonald's, only once in a while though, it's kinda like a treat for me, it's a great fast food chain. I tried to find a screwdriver to unscrew the screws on their happy meal toys. They are triangle head. Walmart doesn't have them, Lowe's doesn't have them, Home Depot doesn't have them, Harbor Freight Tools doesn't have them. My local McDonalds has no idea where to get one. The manager had no idea. I called Customer Service. This is what the complaint is for… I only do fast foods occasionally and usually it varies from place to place. I wanted a meal on the way home from shopping and hadn't had chicken McNuggets in probably 2 or 3 years so why not. Ordered a combo meal with med fries and a large drink. Got home, put away my shopping and opened up to a literal cold meal. It was so cold the fries were starting to coagulate and the chicken was probably room temperature. I heated everything up and ate but this will probably be the last time I go there. ???? McDonald’s was my first job and the Big Mac will always be my favorite. That Mac sauce thoooough. Fresh fries, no salt, keep it hott???? Even if I grow a big back, I’ll still be satisfied with my Big Mac. ???? I was eating lunch at McDonalds in Walmart Nacogdoches, the server wasn't wearing gloves and had long FAKE fingernails, clear violation of the health code, her fake nail ended up in my burger, and damaged my tooth, McDonalds' sorry ** have yet to do a damn thing about it. I'm hiring a lawyer as I speak. Never eat and that nasty place again. The app is very poorly put together for the consumer. How do you let it put through an order and have the customer go to the restaurant to pick it up and be told they don't have it because the restaurant computer is offline. I have had 4 back surgeries and I'm disabled so for me to walk there stand in line with the other cars in the drive thru and not get my food is BS. And they don't give a courtesy Drink, Fry, or Pie at the McD on Hwy W 50 in Pueblo Co. I Could have got CORONA VIRUS for nothing. I love Mcdonalds. I just have a problem with owners of the Anthem Az and Tramonto Az locations. While all other fastfood reopened the dining rooms in May 2020. These two locations refuse to reopen to diners. The employees don't even know when the owner will let people dine in. This is Arizona where lunch time temperatures are over 100 degrees. Not a good option to sit in your car or outside. It appears the owner of these two locations is choosing not to spend money to keep the dinning area clean. Just keep diners out. I think it's awful to treat customers like that. I wish McDonalds Corp. would force this franchiser to reopen just like In&out, Burger King, Jack in the Box and all others have done. MCDONALDS ON 3826 SW 40th Blvd. The coworkers are very disrespectful 99.89% of the times I go there. IF I plan to go there I order on the mobile app to avoid as much attitude and bad energy I can get through a drive through but that doesn’t even work. The staff was beyond rude. I usually avoid this location because of the disrespectful employees, bad food quality, slow lines, and because they always find a new way to mess up my order. I asked them for items that were ordered through the app and on my receipt like SAUCES, and they REFUSED to give them to me then shut the window and walked away. Haven’t seen anything like it. I wouldn’t go. They ruin your mood. The disrespect is beyond me. I want my money back. If I could give them no stars, oh I definitely would. I purchase a large vanilla sugar and fat free vanilla latte daily but have not been able to for some time because the San Diego stores are out of non fat milk. Please when will you have non fat milk on stock again. I was completely applaud that I went to order a salad and was told salads were removed from the menu??? Really how can such a huge franchise remove the one healthy thing on the Menu? What happened to Healthy eating? Not everyone goes to McDonalds and eats this food I specially went to treat my daughter and I am a salad and veggie person so the fact that I could not get a salad left me with my mouth opened. YOU NEED TO ADAPT A HEALTHY MENU! I'm real disappointed!! Went to drive thru at McDonalds. Asked to have a side salad. Was told they no longer have them. Was quite surprised by this. So many places make it hard for a person to try & eat healthy these days. Guess fattening fast food is so much better...NOT! Last Two times I went through the drive thru I got cold food. I didn’t know until I got home except today I checked the fries and nuggets and the fries were cold and I didn’t know till I got home the double cheeseburgers were also not hot. I asked at the pay window for them to make sure I got Hot food but it fell on Deaf ears! I won’t go back to that location again! UN-cooked meats especially bacon can cause serous bacterial infections or trichinellosis. McDonald's is well known for under-cooked food products just so they can maintain a fast food giant. Buy beware, I asked for a well done breakfast sandwich and received UN-cooked bacon and now I'm sick. I downloaded the McDonalds app last Saturday and used it place an order. When I got to the restaurant they said they had no record of my order. I was charged for it though. They will not refund my money. I went by to pick up a meal during the Covid19. I saw no one with masks or wearing gloves. Obviously, they have no read or been instructed how this can be transmitted. This location has been problematic for years.
 I spoke to customer care in regards to making orders online and picking up and was told that I was able to do that. I placed a mobile order for pick up at 1656 Utica ave Brooklyn New York and ordered my Uber to go pick up my food despite the COVID-19 scare that we’re currently having. After paying nearly 20$ to get to McDonald’s I was told by a rude associate at the drive thru “You can’t pick up your order at the drive thru. You’ll have to come inside.” As I made my way inside aggravated at this point, I walked up to the counter and provided my order number. I was told that they do not do online orders. At this point I’m confused. McDonald’s showed availability for order online and pick up at that location and I wasn’t my time and money to get there and didn’t get my food. I will never forget how I was treated and will never visit this McDonald’s in the future. Try the new Chicken and Biscuit, absolutely gross. It is a complete choke sandwich..it's dry. No pickles. No cheese. Just a pre Frozen Tyson chicken patty stuck between a dry ** biscuit.... McDonald's has nothing on Popeye's... should be taken off the market before someone chokes. My father was injured at the McDonald's Restaurant in the Coq. Center Location. He is diabetic and elderly and chunk of finger was cut off and cannot be stitched because he literally lost the skin. It has been a difficult and frustrating experience trying to get compensation. It's been 6 weeks and we feel like we're getting jerked around by the owner. We would NEVER go back obviously. It's a good thing their grandchildren didn't get their finger cut off because they go there often with my father. This is the 2nd time an injury has happened at this location because of a defective chair. The owner owns multiple locations and you think he can afford to replace a broken chair. Terrible. The standards of McDonald's is seriously slipping waiting 40 mins for a meal for the cashier to give our meal to someone she said was first but pulled into the drive thru 20 mins after I arrived inside to order, and she acknowledged them as someone she knew. When I approached her politely and asked why she did that she tried to tell me they ordered before me and to be patient like I was in the wrong. When I told her I saw them arrive 20 mins after me she put her head down, no apology. She just let her manager serve me and say sorry. I emailed the Boston Lincolnshire manager about this matter. No reply as obviously like all complaints they are clearly ignored and hoped to be forgotten, us little people don't matter. Their disgusting for a multi billion pound company. Can't even send a courtesy reply. This morning me and my husband came into Mcdonalds to sit and have breakfast. I ordered the 2/@4$ sausage egg mcmuffins. I wanted half slice of cheese and silver onions but Mr Horace complained “we dont do that. I'm not putting cheese on it," just constantly complaining about the way I want my sandwich I'm paying my money.  I went to the one in Ceres, CA, and I had earned a free coffee, and the Manager refused to give me the one that I wanted; and she said that she would give me, the one that I had already ordered free. I said to her, that I wanted the ice coffee but she said that she could only give me the small one; that was after she tried to give me a parfait instead. Also at other places, they serve me, cold coffee that has been sitting there for awhile, and they often give me, cold fries. The new configuration in the recently remodeled McDonalds is devoid of personality and not particularly consumer friendly, Very limited personal interaction. Comparable to the old automated system. You can no longer watch the food being prepared which was an enjoyable side benefit. I realize this may be cost effective, but you have lost the "homey" atmosphere for morning coffee breaks with friends and/or a meeting place for moms and kids. McDonalds told me that they're only willing to serve licensed motorized vehicles at the drive thru when I tried riding my bike thru there, they refused to serve me, but the very next day, I witnessed them serving a moped at the drive thru. The moped is an UNLICENSED motorized vehicle. I contacted the corporate office about the problem but they have ignored it. I have been visited every weekend. And it's a nice place to eats without any disturbance. And make me relax. I love a spicy chicken and kebab wrap lover. Whenever I visit McDonalds I placed this order. And I love that McDonalds black forest as desserts. I've eaten McDonalds 4 days a week for 45 years. I will never again eat there because they run an advertisement every 6 minutes on USA Television and I hate the ad. They advertise way too much on one station and I will never eat there again. There is a lot more people like me will never go there again. They stepped on their own sick you could say.
I'm not happy that they took that steak egg and cheese bagels off the menu when it the best thing in the morning. Not going there for breakfast and when the staff at really rude and not respectful to the customers. The quarter pounder should be renamed the nickel pounder as the the meat has been reduced the size of quarter. Come on company see the light and see people will stop buying this rip off and go to Burger King and order a whopper. Golden British Columbia. We were traveling and stopped for food at the McDonalds. The line up outside was very long and my husband wanted to go elsewhere but I wanted a McDonalds coffee as in my lifetime they have never let me down. Well there’s a first for everything. We got 3 coffees because we knew how good they are and had a long drive. The coffee was so weak we could not even drink them. I don’t usually write reviews but it was so bad that I really feel I need to. I would have thought that to get a McDonalds franchise you would have to keep the products sold in line with the company standard.  This location is not following through with the Covid-19 Protocols for Social Distancing and Contactless Delivery for food, payments and drink. Covid-19 #???? McDonald's Golden Ace's Texas. #PPE Keep McDonald's Golden Ace's employees safe. We drove up to the drive-up and we ordered 2 Mcchicken sandwiches, 2 filet-O-fish, 2 med fries and 1 med lemonade. There was two of us, we drove around to park and eat in our car. We opened the fish sandwiches and we were so disappointed. They were so small and we were charged over $4 each for these pathetic looking sandwiches. The mcchicken sandwich was bigger and half the cost!! It seems like a big company wouldn’t want to look so bad! We come from a large family and a lot of us grew up on McDonalds food! It’s not the cost. It’s the quality that’s important to us! I felt a strong desire to share this with you. Sincerely yours, Gloria I haven't eaten at McDonalds for years. I saw a commercial and remembered how good the fries were. More, they must be thinking they're selling gold nuggets, as there are no real values or specials. The fries were cold and stale. I ate around 5 and threw the rest out. I was stunned, as I believed their QC was above average. For them to put that garbage in a bag, I can assure them I will never spend another penny there. Simply, they have earned my review with the hope others will beware similarly. The global monster deserve a re-set. They can't even get the fries right. I'm both angered and sad. I was given a Burnt breakfast sandwich! I know it only cost a $1, but you still should receive a decent sandwich that is edible. How can anyone feel this is okay to give a customer? I wish I can download a picture. Yesterday we purchased a cone via the drive through at McDonalds, Brunswick, MD. When delivered, the cone was dripping. The server had no gloves on. Additionally, he had a mask, but it was around his neck, not where it belonged, covering his mouth and nose! We threw the cone away never to return. I have been going every day for many, many years to get my treat for the day, a nonfat mocha. It was a daily ritual and I felt like I could indulge while still saving calories. Recently they have eliminated the nonfat option and only offer whole milk now, very disappointing to say the least. They have lost a loyal customer and I will not be going back. There are many other establishments that provide consumers with other alternatives. I was completely applaud that I went to order a salad and was told salads were removed from the menu??? Really how can such a huge franchise remove the one healthy thing on the Menu? What happened to Healthy eating? Not everyone goes to McDonalds and eats this food I specially went to treat my daughter and I am a salad and veggie person so the fact that I could not get a salad left me with my mouth opened. YOU NEED TO ADAPT A HEALTHY MENU! I'm real disappointed!! I purchase a large vanilla sugar and fat free vanilla latte daily but have not been able to for some time because the San Diego stores are out of non fat milk. Please when will you have non fat milk on stock again. MCDONALDS ON 3826 SW 40th Blvd. The coworkers are very disrespectful 99.89% of the times I go there. IF I plan to go there I order on the mobile app to avoid as much attitude and bad energy I can get through a drive through but that doesn’t even work. The staff was beyond rude. I usually avoid this location because of the disrespectful employees, bad food quality, slow lines, and because they always find a new way to mess up my order. I asked them for items that were ordered through the app and on my receipt like SAUCES, and they REFUSED to give them to me then shut the window and walked away. Haven’t seen anything like it. I wouldn’t go. They ruin your mood. The disrespect is beyond me. I want my money back. If I could give them no stars, oh I definitely would. I love Mcdonalds. I just have a problem with owners of the Anthem Az and Tramonto Az locations. While all other fastfood reopened the dining rooms in May 2020. These two locations refuse to reopen to diners. The employees don't even know when the owner will let people dine in. This is Arizona where lunch time temperatures are over 100 degrees. Not a good option to sit in your car or outside. It appears the owner of these two locations is choosing not to spend money to keep the dinning area clean. Just keep diners out. I think it's awful to treat customers like that. I wish McDonalds Corp. would force this franchiser to reopen just like In&out, Burger King, Jack in the Box and all others have done. The app is very poorly put together for the consumer. How do you let it put through an order and have the customer go to the restaurant to pick it up and be told they don't have it because the restaurant computer is offline. I have had 4 back surgeries and I'm disabled so for me to walk there stand in line with the other cars in the drive thru and not get my food is BS. And they don't give a courtesy Drink, Fry, or Pie at the McD on Hwy W 50 in Pueblo Co. I Could have got CORONA VIRUS for nothing. My debit card information was compromised, and a large amount of food was ordered using my mobile app in New York, I live in Wisconsin. When I called in, the only thing that was offered to resolve the situation was a tech ticket to see how it happened, and a free sandwich? This is appalling. I am so frustrated that McDonalds doesn't even care that my personal information and debit card information was hacked. DO NOT USE THIS APPLICATION.  This is a follow-up to what happened at this particular McDonald's where I was assaulted by two late night managers harassing an 82 year old mother and her daughter to get going by rapping on my car door drivers side. I was in the passenger side and it was not yet 12 midnight closing, 15 minutes to go, when there was a rapping incessant on my window of my nice Ford Focus car telling me to move my car. They were closed while others in the parking area remained and further confrontation my mom the driver was in the toilet. She is 82. We were contacted by two managers, by voicemail on my cell just yesterday and agreed I would get something gift cards, as compensation, because we are longtime customers - coffee and chicken sandwiches. I just want to give a shoutout to the Banning, Ca McDonalds. My family and I were there today and the nicest employee was so helpful and just know nice! His name is Jason and he gave the best customer service at a McDonalds that I've ever seen. He was so polite when he took our order and later he came to our table to see if there was anything we needed. He has the best attitude and should be rewarded. I've had problems with this location in the past. Decided to give it another shot. Wasted of time. Pretty sure my latte is just water with steamed milk. It also took about 30 minutes in line to get it. Most of the time when I go to McDonalds I insist on purchasing the beloved McChicken. It has amazing taste and so much flavor, in other words it's very succulent. The mayonnaise on this sandwich is so delectable and mouthwatering. I highly recommend purchasing a McChicken as it only costs a little over $1 with tax. Very inexpensive! I rate McChickens a 10 out of 10! Made my last trip into this location. Walked in to find handmade message on register requiring I use kiosk. I was one of two customers and employees leaning on counter (3) just talking. What a mistake McDonalds is making with those kiosk. It should be a choice for me not a requirement. I’ve made 3 trips into this location in last few months. Each time we were totally unimpressed by the staff and management. Last visit found manager yelling back into service area he was going to fire each of them. Then he turned to us saying that was his last night. He got a real job. Welding. I would say the owners of this location could care less about customers. I went to the McDonalds at 11230 Old St. Augustine Rd in FL. I paid $8.77 for a meal that I took 2 bites of and threw away! It was a carry out order. Buttermilk Crispy Chicken meal NO MAYO! I was on my lunch hour no time to open everything up to look at it. I got back to work, opened my lunch, there was mayo slathered all over it. Took the lettuce, tomatoes off wiped the bun off the best I could. The chicken was supposed to be crispy. It was like mush! The fries were cold and overdone. The only thing worth consuming was the soda!! Not the first bad experience from this location! !First off, I have always considered McD's the best of all the rest. I visit Mcd's anywhere from 3-5 times per week, probably for the last 30yrs. And unless traveling out of my immediate area, I frequent the one nearest me on 4264 Washington Rd, Evans GA. Near the beginning of 2019, I purchased a coupon card from the Boy Scouts of America, specifically because it had McD's on it, as well as 2 other restaurants I visit in Evans, GA. The coupon card was for any McD's location in the CSRA, and valid thru 12/31/19. It was for a buy one get one free 10pc McNugget. Now I love McNuggets, but let's face it, 20 is a bit much for one unless being shared or having a binge craving. That said I can safely estimate that I've only used this coupon maybe 5-6 times at this Evans location since I bought it. Our local McDonald's in Iowa Park located on a state hwy recently fell victim to the corporate mandated interior upgrade. Good grief. What a waste of corporate funds. The design chosen must have come from IKEA. Cheesy looking interior befitting a grade school cafeteria with low back furniture that has no support. Booths have no partitions anymore so it's an echo chamber. I am staying in China from last 4 years. And I miss McD the most here although I have many Mcd branches around me but Not a single option with vegetable burger. And I am disappointed because of this and same is the case in Canada. Many vegetarians live here and we just request you to at least one veg burger option menu too. I used my debit card at McDonalds few months ago. I reported that my car was stolen and used by an employee. The management told that they fired that employee but few weeks later that employee was still working there. I went back ask why and never received an answer. Now 6 months later that employee is still working and handling customers' debit and credit cards. I have problems with the McDonalds in Vidalia, La often. Here is something that happened yesterday: My husband went to get breakfast. He got home and we found that they didn't give us the kids' food. I went back and placed another order. The kiosk was out of receipt paper. When I finally got all my food, more than 40 minutes later, I discovered that the fries weren't even a little warm. And the burgers tasted like hand soap. And the nuggets were cold. I was done with mcdonalds. 






Source: https://www.consumeraffairs.com/food/mcd.html?page=4